the satyr laboratory is researching
methods of making oligosaccharide chains
and technologies for utilizing the
functions of sugar chains it's been
shown that sugar chains play important
roles in self functioning and
intercellular interactions so the satyr
lab studies the recognition functions of
all kinds of sugar chains with the aim
of developing new synthesis methods or
inhibitors the lab is engaged in a broad
range of work from basic research to
healthcare applications tosa to you know
our own oh my i dint see docket on
Pakistani Roberto Minaj amiga night yet
rosy como se llama Sangha saibo no human
to you know vallenato sorry Oh Walter
Disney sigh bono so shocked oka ten
tokisaki no omocha karate masti sorry
Noah influenza virus titer una sonrisa
no Jo tetona tarrano day sama sama na a
volcano yet again in aptor edwin see
they are to you cut emotional Tina's
sugar chains are also related to
infection the spread of cancer and
disorders such as out Simon's so
understanding the functions of sugar
chains also enables new drugs to be
developed the satyr lab uses artificial
membranes to understand the interactions
of sugar chain molecules called clo
galactose in this way the researchers
have discovered that the bonding of
viruses can depend on the structure of
lipid membranes yeah so they were
concerns to come over to a knife to cut
esophageal edema Dallas net oh so she
must or inaudible tosa to you minogue
are so no yudas no tour Seneca to walk
on sensitive I can't say no so vizor you
go to a local investor asada todo unique
conduct are achieved when shots coutinho
do you go to death so no father I ready
to use an old library no no kakera a no
consents of Isaiah service table you
will not kink you smashed the source of
the thought is on your ma Chicago better
than expected you go to them are so it
she came over Tony McCoy in Valencia no
Chi hurts to even the most notorious to
use oligosaccharide chains to create new
inhibitors the satyr lab utilizes bio
combinatorial synthesis which combines
saccharide primers and cultured cells in
this way the lab creates new
oligosaccharide chains with this method
sugar chains can be obtained by using
just Sakurai primers in cells then
separated and replicate it after
generation this enables all kinds of
oligosaccharide chains to be
manufactured another feature of sugar
chains is that they're expected to lead
to technology for drug delivery systems
which selectively introduced drugs
inside cells
I present pharmaceutical virus vectors
still have problems in terms of safety
such as antigenicity and pathogenicity
the satyr lab is working to develop drug
delivery systems with fewer side effects
by creating highly safe complexes of
biological molecules and jeans VAR
arizona tosin macadam or 80 10 a or a
note at oten oxytocin toy llamando neato
mosquito mas te conozco santo attentio
misawa cerrito he gon kirin of kubota
video shot aqui se me quita videos
caseros iwanaga neonatal camellias
kananga's tesoriero sereny Gansey bonito
critic in a Samoan Seok ho yo Coto de la
sono tanto attention of cabo tiny can
see Votto simazine Ariana ROG kumicho
poco el coto de vionnet's arunima taco
karateka Marco you go to 08 si King at
the hawkish mr. by researching sugar
chains from various angles it's possible
to create a diverse range of safe
functional molecules for use in health
care the satyr lab will continue working
to develop new pharmaceutical materials
and practical ways of using them